You are now better prepared
to understand and help
make decisions regarding
assessing and managing risks.
Let's review what we've covered.
We discussed security
frameworks and
controls and how
they're used to develop
processes and procedures that
protect organizations and
the people they serve.
We also discussed core
components of frameworks,
such as identifying
security goals and
establishing guidelines
to achieve those goals.
Then, we introduced specific
frameworks and controls,
including the CIA triad
and the NIST CSF,
and how they are
used to manage risk.
And finally, we discussed
security ethics,
including common
ethical issues to
consider, such as
confidentiality,
privacy protections, and laws.
You're almost there, only one
more section to go
in this course.
Coming up, you'll learn
about common tools and
programming languages used by
security analysts to protect
organizational operations.
Hope you're as excited
as I am to keep going!